what's going on fam it's like six fish
stuff finish at night I am headed to go
meet up with some friends for dinner
it's moving around my bike
hi guys India and Brittany again we're
trying to find ice cream or Froyo my
favorite part of Laura Manhattan are the
cobblestone streets they're not good for
boosted words but it's super cute
GUI GUI
ice cream using a lasting dessert
Rhona look there's always some but
ice cream is like yes India so you're
not subscribed to my youtube channel I'm
forcing my friends to subscribe to my
YouTube look 7:13 this is how I get my
subscribers I walk the streets of
Manhattan and I ask people to subscribe
to my youtube channel
that's how you do it grassroot it that's
a YouTube hack so many good hangs and
talks my tape I wear your helmet so
friend of mine sent me this bag of
goodies friend birthday and there were
jelly beans in there you go jelly beans
are actually delicious
so my last three vlogs from LA we're
pretty exciting a lot of fun stuff what
a lot of good stuff so if you haven't
watched this yet a lot of you guys have
been watching them they're up you should
check them out I think the school just
started or something I don't know maybe
because summer is over you're not
watching my videos it's fine it's
totally fine I'm okay I'm fine I don't
put my Worth and views quick
announcement this week's new episode of
creative spaces TV will be live this
Thursday 8 p.m. Eastern Standard Time
you don't know what Korea space TV is
it's a docu-series I film and edit
basically an MTV Cribs of substance I go
into filmmakers photographers designer
studios you get to see how they do what
they do and where they do it so that
will be life Thursday but right now I
need your help
I need your help I have a potential talk
at South by Southwest and Austin if you
don't know what South by is it's this
huge conference where film technology
music all--just collides together and
makes a beautiful explosion of
creativity and I have the pleasure to
perhaps maybe give a talk so this would
be so cool this year I'm really working
on talking and giving talks and
structuring words together to make
sentences they pick these panels and
talks in various ways of about 30% of it
is from votes so I'm here asking
if you can click on the link below in
the description and go to the South by
Southwest website and vote for my panel
because that would be that would I would
appreciate you guys so much
peachy Pham peachy Pham unite so how you
vote is you press this little like yeah
thumbs up but first you have to create
an account
it's very roundabout just go down here
say create account fill in your info and
then once you create your account you
can go and click this up button I would
very very much so appreciate that
oh but before I go to bed going to la
got me thinking about a lot of stuff and
just YouTube and the series I have and
the things that I want to do in the
coming six months in the coming year and
then coming five years and it got it got
me got me thinking about a lot of stuff
the thing with being around other
creative and inspirational people is it
gets it gets the juices fun and it gets
you pumped and you know you get all the
ideas in your head and so I came back
from LA with all these ideas and all
these things I want to do and at the
same time I am juggling a lot of stuff
and trying to manage my time as best as
possible and you know juggling the daily
vlogs that create space TV and that
creatives I've got a lot of stuff and I
love it so much and I'm thinking about
the future each one of those things and
within those futures I'm already
thinking of bigger and better things and
ways to take them further but I get
distracted very easily when it comes to
long term goals
I'll give you an example because I think
it would be cool to have me saying this
and discussing this one
you know a year from now or two years
from now so on my channel I have three
different things I have daily vlogs a
career to spacestv in that creative life
I've really been evaluating observing
kind of climate of YouTube seeing what
kind of content thrives here and will
continue to thrive your thrive here and
you know just evaluating okay how do I
grow my personal brand how do I believe
in the future I want to continue
vlogging it's the cool like this
relationship I have with the Internet is
the coolest thing ever and I'm
definitely not going to stop anytime
soon with Korea's faces TV long-term I I
really wanted to live somewhere else
like a Netflix or a Hulu or an HBO or
it's weird that I'm saying this but TV
would actually be my last option the
dream would be Netflix TV like an HDTV
or MTV would be my last option but it's
still TV and then it kind of leaves me
with that creative life which is an
interview series I do with artists
entrepreneurs know it's it's really
helped a lot of you guys I get lovely
messages from it and I love hearing your
feedback is something that I've been
thinking about recently is developing an
entire brand around that creative life
having an entire channel dedicated to it
having an entire Facebook dedicated to
it but that takes a lot of work that's
building another brand from literally
the ground up I started getting really
really excited about this idea oh you
have sick merchant can use this and I
can like hire people to do this and
collaborations whoa blah this is
something that I do a lot I get very
overwhelmed with my own ideas and I get
psyched about it and I I just I recently
took a step back because I was going 0
to 100 real quick something so important
to do when you're getting on this choo
choo of inspiration train is to keep in
mind where you want to be in 3
you already want to be in five years and
does that line up with your vision one
thing that I have to do have to do in
the next two years is start a business
that I have wanted to start for about
two or three years this is the first
time that I'm actually saying this to a
camera to the Internet I'm not getting
into specifics but it's something that's
been on my heart been on my mind for so
long and I took a step back and I was
like oh wait this thing that I want to
do if that creative life is something so
massive and something that would
honestly get in the way of this one
thing that I've been wanting to do for
so long it's something that I've been
learning the hard way these past few
months is you can't do it all that is
something that it's very hard for me to
say because I've been someone oh I just
won't sleep I'll just do all the things
and I'll do this and just blab but it
you can't do it all and so I think it's
very important to have that long-term
vision and your mind and to really speak
those things into motion what you want
to do and then along the way when you
get other opportunities and you meet
awesome people who want to do great
things that's fabulous go go all in on
certain opportunities you have to ask
yourself is it a pretty distraction
because then I started taking some
accent and started looking around
oh my homie Chase Jarvis has that thing
creative life that gives actually
created a lot of great resources there
are a ton of interview shows out there
you know like that podcast circle of
like the same people who just kind of go
around on all the same podcasts and talk
about the same thing I feel like a
dedicated channel to that creative life
would literally just become that it's
not something that I would wake up every
morning and what to just like work hard
to taking it to the next
I'm like having these revelations as I'm
talking to you so thank you for this
like free therapy session I think
there's something so great around the
corner that I might miss out on if I
pursue other stuff that's just good and
easier and I don't want to miss out on
the great just because it's hard just
because it's something that's not in my
zone just because it's something that
freaking scares the crap out of me but
what is life if you're not doing
something scary every now and then
anyways I think it's fun to talk through
these things because it will be
interesting to look back out where my
headspace was so if there's a there's an
episode of creative spaces TV and then
after this season creative spaces TV I'm
gonna be rolling out some really good
that creative life episodes with some
next-level create creatives
entrepreneurs and it'll still be on this
channel feel free to check out some
previous vlogs for some less talky
content and let me know if you like this
video hit that subscribe button down
below if you have not yet yacht yacht if
you have not yacht until next time have
a fabulous day
stay peachy okay bye
and they do YouTube they do the internet
and I want I want you